This editor plugin is used by qtype_pmatch and qtype_varnumeric. This testcase
uses qtype_pmatch to test the editor.

The readme.txt explains general details such as Supported Browsers and Operating systems to test

1. Go to the question bank in any course, and start creating a pmatch question.

2. Choose the option Allow use of subscript: Yes, Allow use of superscript: No,
and complete the rest of the form however you like.

3. Preview the question in Firefox, IE and Chrome, ensure you can enter
superscripts, and there are no JavaScript errors at any time.

4. Repeat 2. & 3. using the Allow use of subscript: Yes, Allow use of superscript: Yes.

5. Repeat 2. & 3. using the Allow use of subscript: No, Allow use of superscript: Yes.

Fow now we will use the questions
For main testing: Q12F3 pattern match (both)
For basic testing specific to superscript: Q12F3 pattern match (superscript)
For basic testing specific to subscript: H2O pattern match (subscript)

Features
Using the buttons the superscript and subscript style is toggled. repeatedly pressing the superscript button would
apply and remove superscript to the selected area. The same is true for subscript.
Superscript
Subscript

Keyboard
Where keyboards are available the keyboard short cuts are:
Superscript: CTRL/COMMAND + ^, Up arrow
Subscript: CTRL/COMMAND + _, Down arrow

Keyboard Mode
Keyboard mode cycles through 3 states
* Superscript
* Normal
* Subscript

Pressing either of the superscript keys moves the editor up one place from its current state but not higher than
superscript. Pressing either of the subscript keys moves the editor up one place from its current state but not
lower than subscript.

In this case the keys reflect the function of the arrow keys. 
Press the Up arrow to go up towards superscript. Repeatedly pressing the up arrow when text is selected turn subscript
text to normal text and normal text to superscript text. The same happens when entering the ^ character.

Press the Down arrow to go down towards subscript. Repeatedly pressing the down arrow when text is selected will
turn superscript text to normal text and normal text to subscript text. The same happens when entering the _ character.

Undo/Redo
The functionality of undo and redo is available through the standard
desktop keys ctrl+z(undo) and ctrl+y (redo)

Paste